Mom, I don't want to marry a teenager
Such a good young man
He is no stronger than Xiao Chen, this soul battle
A thousand times ten thousand times
You have to slap me in the face.
Xiao Chen, no matter how bad he is
He is also Yaoyao's biological father
Since ancient times, marriage has been the private life of parents
The words of the media
Let me help you.
You don't have to marry
Yeah, besides
70th birthday, if you marry Lin Shao?
We both have light too.
You will have the opportunity to return to the Liu family
Mom and Dad, I won't marry
I won't marry you no matter how hard you try
As for grandpa's birthday party
I'll figure it out myself
Then take you back to the Liu family
Sorry, Mr. Lin.
Please go back
Ye Qingxue, since you are so ignorant of adventure
I'll take a look then.
No I shot
How did you return home?
Hey, Mr. Lin
Don't go, Master Lin
Ah, you stinky girl
Do you know what you are doing?
Ah, without the help of my neighbors
We were at the old man's birthday party
What are you going to use to fight your uncle and his family?
Could it be that you still refer to me as a trash?
Don't worry, Qingxue
I have a gift for you for your birthday party tomorrow.
Then my family will beg you
i
You rubbish
You want to hang out with guys again, don't you?
Celebrities at the old man's birthday banquet
If found out
We should not just lose face
I'm afraid later
I don't have a chance to return to my family tomorrow
Xiao Chen, can you stop making trouble?
Your family's grand banquet
It's not something you can mix with
You rubbish
You daydream
Our ice and snow and Lin Shao are the right match
Roll as far as you can
Qianxue trust me
Birthday banquet tomorrow
It will definitely surprise you.